Alright boys, welcome back.
Now we're going to go get into Reddit marketing.
And to be honest, this is my favorite.
To begin, to validate your idea and to make your first money online, I think it
's super
easy because it's like a democracy, like everyone's talking.
It feels like a community of people you trust.
Everyone comes to Reddit for advice.
So when you push products, people tend to believe you.
Secondly, you can niche down to whatever you want.
Let's say have a Christian app.
I can just join TrueChristian.
If I have a gym or fitness app or such gym, if I have a quitting corner or such
no-fap,
there is literally a community for every single niche and every single app out
there.
And of course, there are several overlaps.
And I'm going to show you exactly how to print cash in Reddit.
One thing to note though is like pushing products and advertising and doing all
that
stuff is not allowed.
And I'm not advocating to break any Reddit rules for legal reasons.
I'm not advocating it.
But I will say if you do it correctly, you won't get banned too fast and you
will make
a lot of money and you will have a solid launch pad to scale the rest of your
app and come
to you with.
So I'm going to run you through my messages and what I've put in the chat.
All of these have been, I believe, deleted because my account was banned from
our session
over.
But as you can see, this is all a year ago.
This is exactly how I started.
No one else apart from who bought this course can see exactly how Quidda
started apart from
you today.
So like, good stuff.
So I'm going to scroll down to the very bottom.
I, wow, like there's probably a lot.
Okay, let's go back to what's relevant.
So this is the first one.
I started trying to wall up my account and make it look believable.
So it's like, I'm starting to hear this bro.
You're doing it next time.
My best advice is to try an app called Quidda.
It's science-based app for iPhone and it helped me quit forever and now I'm in
a loving
relationship.
Okay, I didn't know I was going to get straight into the marketing.
But look, this guy said this is a pretty viral post, 153 outputs.
I relapse at 6.01 AM.
I was so horny that I couldn't even sleep and relapse.
One month down the drain, fuck porn, fuck credit, fuck this shit, I would never
relapse
again.
Okay.
And then I'm just like the innocent friend.
I'm trying to help him out.
I'm like, sorry to hear this bro.
You got it next time.
Sounds legit.
Sounds like friendly, sounds loving.
I'm going to make it bigger.
Sounds loving, sounds friendly, sounds legit.
And then I got my best advice is to try an app called Quidda.
It's a science-based app for iPhone that helped me quit forever and now I'm in
a loving
relationship.
So you see what I did here.
I said my best advice is an app called Quidda.
Boom, that's one thing out the way.
It's science-based.
Boom, that's another thing out the way.
And it helped me quit forever and now I'm in a loving relationship.
So not only am I pushing a product, I'm also saying it helped me and now I'm
also showing
the transformation that this guy's probably really, really down bad and hates
his life.
But now because of this app, I'm in a loving relationship.
And yeah.
I know this has only got one up vote.
I'm not sure if that's legit or not.
I don't know if that's because I got banned.
But like a lot of people scroll in the comments and read the discourse and they
will see this
comment and a few of these people will pick up on it, download the app and try
it and pay.
And I'll tell you something.
When I first started doing this Reddit stuff, the intent was super, super high.
Especially in this subreddit because it's like a porn addiction subreddit.
Like people are searching for the solution.
They're like struggling, they're fighting, they're trying to figure out how to
quit this
addiction.
So when I come in and say this works for me, the intent is super fucking high
and I'll
explain.
Conversion rate from downloading to paid was 25% and everyone opted for the
yearly plan,
which was $45 a year, which was way more expensive than it is today.
So I had a way better conversion rate, I had a way higher LTV and I was just
like in the
comments pushing a product.
So this is one strategy and you can see I've done this a few times.
I just copy pasted the same fucking comment.
That's so funny.
And then I would change it and A/B test it sometimes.
I would get more votes saying other things.
But you can see this like wrapped up views.
Then I started getting caught on.
People started saying, oh like the Twitter guys are coming in and botting.
So I started just saying normal things just so my profile wouldn't give it away
because
mods can come from your profile and see the comments and see if you're a, you
know, a
mark or not.
So I tried to like fix this, but I'm telling you in this cycle and doing Reddit
this way,
I made probably five to 10 K in the first two to three weeks or two weeks, we
'll say,
of launching the app.
It had zero users.
I started commenting.
I started saying, you know, download quitter.
This fucking helped me.
One candidate, two candidate.
And then again, 1K in a day 500, 500, 500, 500, 500, 1K.
And that added up and that put us in a great position to invest in our first IG
Instagram
influencer.
And then that month we made $30,000.
So look, don't hate the player hate the game and also like it's not that
difficult.
And I would totally fucking recommend Reddit because it costs you nothing.
It costs you your account from that community and maybe you get your entire
account banned.
Like it's so good.
It's so OP.
So now I'm going to show you a different strategy.
So this is the different strategy.
I believe if I search quitter Christians.
Quitter Reddit, one sec, trust me boys.
Okay yeah, here we go.
So I made this Fred.
I made this post.
And little back story, I went through subreddits.
So we'll go through the subreddit.
And then I instead of best, I search by top.
And then top of all time.
And it shows you all of the Reddit posts that I had the most upvotes of all
time.
So you can kind of assume these posts appeal to people the most and the
algorithm favors
it the most as well.
So what I did, I think it might be in the up here.
Let's see.
Or maybe not.
I won't spend too much time trying to find it.
But let's just say it's this.
What I would do is I would copy this entire Reddit post, make a new post in
this community.
Okay.
So I'd make a brand new post.
Same body and title.
Okay.
And you see where it says update instead of, instead of whatever they put or if
they don't
have update, I would just write update myself and just be like this app.
And then liquid, obviously, you know, like a hyperlink.
Changed my life.
Thank you for whichever community member suggested it to me.
I am the happiest person I've ever been born, posted.
Now of course, like context is relevant.
This is like the most random post ever like the boat post today with my wife.
Like an irrelevant, but like this one, this was in the same subreddit saying I
need a
reliable app for blocking porn sites and cell phones and iPad.
I just added an edit.
The quitter app seems to be working amazing for me.
It's a science space where you could porn.
Thank you, septonic.
So I'm like banking someone in the community.
So no more can hold me to it.
No more can be like, oh, you're a fucking pusho.
You push product because I'm literally linking it back to the community.
I'm like blaming septonic who isn't a real person in the community for
suggesting this
app.
So they can't do anything.
And I know I only got 21 upvotes, but you can see 34,000 views, a bunch of
discourse,
discourse in the comments, like a lot.
And I know this post probably, did I track this link?
Yeah, I did track this link.
But I know these posts bring in, well, this one specifically brought in at
least like
two, three, four, five K, 100% 100%.
And so that's how easy it is.
You know, I don't need to spend far longer like yapping about this.
Very simple, you know, to summarize, go into communities that you're operating,
go into
niche communities that your app is based in again, if it's fitness or sorry, if
it's like
weight gaining, I would be in the comments of people that are struggling and be
like,
look, this app, Cali, I changed my life.
Or then maybe I would also copy the best posts on that subreddit, copy fucking
paste bar
for bar and then just an edit.
So like, okay, let's say the top posting in weight losing weight.
I'm just going to do this right here.
Weight loss advice, okay, I'm going to go to the top of all time.
Okay, this one.
So this is a full friend from five years ago.
So no one's going to catch me.
Okay, obviously it's extremely long, but I would just create the posts.
I had to copy the exact title and I'd go at the very bottom or maybe at the
very top,
maybe the very, very top.
This is where you could do at the top.
The Cal using, oh shit, one sec, one sec, using tools to help changed the game
for me.
Specifically, Cali AI.
And then you could like hyperlink it if it lets you do that.
Here we go.
And I would just post this.
I would just post this.
I'm telling you this would print cash.
But yeah, that's my secret Reddit strategy.
You guys got the source first.
Good stuff.
And I hope you guys enjoyed the development module that came before this.
I hope you guys enjoyed the Twitter module.
And keep killing it.
And keep the secrets.
This is between us.
All right.